[Music]
[Music] here this Oh priest take heed o house of
here this Oh priest take heed o house of
here this Oh priest take heed o house of Israel give ear o house of the King for
Israel give ear o house of the King for
Israel give ear o house of the King for yours is the judgment because you have
yours is the judgment because you have
yours is the judgment because you have been a snare to Mizpah and a net spread
been a snare to Mizpah and a net spread
been a snare to Mizpah and a net spread on table
on table
on table the revolt errs are deeply involved in
the revolt errs are deeply involved in
the revolt errs are deeply involved in slaughter though I rebuke them all I
slaughter though I rebuke them all I
slaughter though I rebuke them all I know if for him and Israel is not hidden
know if for him and Israel is not hidden
know if for him and Israel is not hidden from me for now o ephraim you commit
from me for now o ephraim you commit
from me for now o ephraim you commit harlotry israel is defiled they do not
harlotry israel is defiled they do not
harlotry israel is defiled they do not direct their deeds toward turning to
direct their deeds toward turning to
direct their deeds toward turning to their God for the spirit of harlotry is
their God for the spirit of harlotry is
their God for the spirit of harlotry is in their midst and they do not know the
in their midst and they do not know the
in their midst and they do not know the Lord
Lord
Lord the pride of Israel testifies to his
the pride of Israel testifies to his
the pride of Israel testifies to his face therefore Israel and Ephraim
face therefore Israel and Ephraim
face therefore Israel and Ephraim stumble in their iniquity Judah also
stumble in their iniquity Judah also
stumble in their iniquity Judah also stumbles with them with their flocks and
stumbles with them with their flocks and
stumbles with them with their flocks and herds they shall go to seek the Lord but
herds they shall go to seek the Lord but
herds they shall go to seek the Lord but they will not find him he has withdrawn
they will not find him he has withdrawn
they will not find him he has withdrawn himself from them they have dealt
himself from them they have dealt
himself from them they have dealt treacherously with the Lord for they
treacherously with the Lord for they
treacherously with the Lord for they have begotten pagan children now a new
have begotten pagan children now a new
have begotten pagan children now a new moon shall devour them and their
moon shall devour them and their
moon shall devour them and their heritage blow the ram's horn and Gibeah
heritage blow the ram's horn and Gibeah
heritage blow the ram's horn and Gibeah the trumpet in Ramah cry aloud at Beth
the trumpet in Ramah cry aloud at Beth
the trumpet in Ramah cry aloud at Beth Haven
Haven
Haven look behind you Oh Benjamin Ephraim
look behind you Oh Benjamin Ephraim
look behind you Oh Benjamin Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke
shall be desolate in the day of rebuke
shall be desolate in the day of rebuke among the tribes of Israel I make known
among the tribes of Israel I make known
among the tribes of Israel I make known what is sure the princes of Judah are
what is sure the princes of Judah are
what is sure the princes of Judah are like those who remove a landmark I will
like those who remove a landmark I will
like those who remove a landmark I will pour out my wrath on them like water
pour out my wrath on them like water
pour out my wrath on them like water Ephraim is oppressed and broken in
Ephraim is oppressed and broken in
Ephraim is oppressed and broken in judgment because he willingly walked by
judgment because he willingly walked by
judgment because he willingly walked by human precept therefore I will be to
human precept therefore I will be to
human precept therefore I will be to ephraim like a moth unto the house of
ephraim like a moth unto the house of
ephraim like a moth unto the house of Judah like rottenness when ephraim saw
Judah like rottenness when ephraim saw
Judah like rottenness when ephraim saw his sickness and judah saw his wound
his sickness and judah saw his wound
his sickness and judah saw his wound then Ephraim went to Assyria and sent to
then Ephraim went to Assyria and sent to
then Ephraim went to Assyria and sent to King Jerrod yet he cannot cure you nor
King Jerrod yet he cannot cure you nor
King Jerrod yet he cannot cure you nor heal you of your wound for I will be
heal you of your wound for I will be
heal you of your wound for I will be like a lion to Ephraim and like a young
like a lion to Ephraim and like a young
like a lion to Ephraim and like a young lion to the house of Judah I even I will
lion to the house of Judah I even I will
lion to the house of Judah I even I will tear them and go away I will take them
tear them and go away I will take them
tear them and go away I will take them away and no one shall rescue
away and no one shall rescue
away and no one shall rescue I will return again to my place till
I will return again to my place till
I will return again to my place till they acknowledge their offence
they acknowledge their offence
they acknowledge their offence then they will seek my face in their
then they will seek my face in their
then they will seek my face in their affliction
affliction
affliction they will earnestly seek me